{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red234\green255\blue255;\red28\green28\blue29;\red121\green213\blue255;
\red234\green89\blue101;\red185\green122\blue229;\red184\green230\blue123;\red251\green0\blue7;\red249\green249\blue249;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c93333\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c14510\c14510\c14902;\cssrgb\c53725\c86667\c100000;
\cssrgb\c94118\c44314\c47059;\cssrgb\c78039\c57255\c91765;\cssrgb\c76471\c90980\c55294;\cssrgb\c100000\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c98039\c98039\c98039;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww6100\viewh8340\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 LOGO \
\'93DECOMPRESSION is better\'94\
Decompression Therapy  \
\'93Decompression Eleviates (or alleviates) \
\
\
Bill's Back Machine is based on science and patient studies to physically relieve back and neck discomfort.\cb1 \
\cb3       \cf4 \strokec4 <\cf5 \strokec5 br\cf4 \strokec4 >\cf2 \strokec2  A releasing stretch and natural pain relief. \cf4 \strokec4 <\cf5 \strokec5 br\cf4 \strokec4 >\cf2 \strokec2  The best and most simple back and neck therapy available.\cf4 \strokec4 </\cf5 \strokec5 p\cf4 \strokec4 >\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\cb3       \cf4 \strokec4 <\cf5 \strokec5 p\cf4 \strokec4 ><\cf5 \strokec5 a\cf4 \strokec4  \cf6 \strokec6 href\cf4 \strokec4 ="\cf7 \strokec7 https://cli.vuejs.org\cf4 \strokec4 " \cf6 \strokec6 target\cf4 \strokec4 ="\cf7 \strokec7 _blank\cf4 \strokec4 " \cf6 \strokec6 rel\cf4 \strokec4 ="\cf7 \strokec7 noopener\cf4 \strokec4 ">\cf2 \strokec2 VIDEO Walk-Through\cf4 \strokec4 </\cf5 \strokec5 a\cf4 \strokec4 >\cf2 \strokec2 .\cb1 \
\cb3     \cf4 \strokec4 </\cf5 \strokec5 p\cf4 \strokec4 >\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\
\
\cb3               Doctor, Bill Moore Smith a five time 'Best of Chattanooga' recipeint caring for families and athletes for 30 years. The "back machine" started as a trial from new science and mechanics from the Texas Insitute. A limited edition for only a handful built in the world Bill's Back World is the most profecient back and neck relief and alignment  \cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf8 \cb9 \strokec8 To Whom It May Concern: I have been involved with the decompression machine for a total of over three months at this point, and it has, without a doubt, revolutionized my practice in a very short amount of time. I can say without any reservation at this point it is definitely the most fun thing I have done in my 13 years of family medicine. I have a very busy primary care practice that spends about 50% of our time with primary care sports medicine. I am a team physician for a major university and for five high schools in our area. Since the induction of Decompression Therapy into our practice, we have not only had the opportunity to see, but also successfully treat practically everyone we have attempted. The first month we started off slow just to get used to the machine and were very excited once we got comfortable with the various settings, application of the harnesses and various ways to position patients on the table. Since that time, we have gotten more and more referrals from people who have been successfully treated and are currently trying to find a place to put a second machine. Like most physicians, initially, I was somewhat cautious and reserved regarding this approach. After spending time with a physician who employed the therapy, talking to other physicians around the country who were utilizing this therapy and doing and exhaustive research of the material, I realized that it was something that I definitely needed to do and my patients hopefully would benefit from, I am definitely thrilled with my decision at this point and am very excited about the future utilizing this approach to help people suffering from various low back pain conditions. If I can provide anyone any other assistance or help, I will be happy to. Sincerely, Bill Moore Smith, MD}