{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red20\green20\blue21;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green19\blue19;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c10196\c10196\c10588;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c9412\c9412\c9412;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Site Idea: \
Grow the site from the tree \'93we are going up, lengthening, alleviating and transcending pain\'94 \
\
Starts with the simple logo and pages evolve up rather then down. \
\
Here is your plan (the branches include your team, discussions, procedures, mechanics, that end and start with you. \
\
\
Address \
632 Morrison Springs Rd. \
Suite 102\
Chattanooga, TN\
\
Phone \
423-778-3592\
\
Email\
Trisha.bmsmith@gmail.com\
\
The treatment is Decompression Therapy. \
\
\
\
Client Reviews: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
It turned out really well. My other option seemed to be surgery, which I did not want to do. Bill Moore Smith does a treatment called IDD therapy. I did a full treatment of sessions which ends up being around 20 or so sessions. When I went in for my first treatment I was at a point where I could barely put on my pants and shoes due to my lack of mobility. I saw great improvement after only about 4 treatments and my back continued to get better each week. I was 24 when I did the treatments, I'm 35 now and still doing good. Here is some basic info on IDD therapy.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf2 Are you looking for a spine surgeon or just a doctor? I had an L4-L5 herniation years ago that was treated without surgery by my sports and medicine doctor. His name is Bill Moore Smith. I ended up making him my primary care physician after my back issue was resolved.
\fs28 \cf2 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Doctor Testimonial: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf2 Chattanooga Primary Care and Athletic Health Bill Moore Smith, M.D. \'95 Deborah S. Scott, FNP Primary Care \'95 Sports Medicine.\
\
Are you looking for a spine surgeon or just a doctor? I had an L4-L5 herniation years ago that was treated without surgery by my sports and medicine doctor. His name is Bill Moore Smith. I ended up making him my primary care physician after my back issue was resolved.\
\
To Whom It May Concern:\
I have been involved with the decompression machine for a total of over three months at this point, and it has, without a doubt, revolutionized my practice in a very short amount of time. I can say without any reservation at this point it is definitely the most fun thing I have done in my 13 years of family medicine.\
I have a very busy primary care practice that spends about 50% of our time with primary care sports medicine. I am a team physician for a major university and for five high schools in our area.\
Since the induction of Decompression Therapy into our practice, we have not only had the opportunity to see, but also successfully treat practically everyone we have attempted. The first month we started off slow just to get used to the machine and were very excited once we got comfortable with the various settings, application of the harnesses and various ways to position patients on the table. Since that time, we have gotten more and more referrals from people who have been successfully treated and are currently trying to find a place to put a second machine.\
Like most physicians, initially, I was somewhat cautious and reserved regarding this approach. After spending time with a physician who employed the therapy, talking to other physicians around the country who were utilizing this therapy and doing and exhaustive research of the material, I realized that it was something that I definitely needed to do and my patients hopefully would benefit from, I am definitely thrilled with my decision at this point and am very excited about the future utilizing this approach to help people suffering from various low back pain conditions.\
If I can provide anyone any other assistance or help, I will be happy to.\
Sincerely, Bill Moore Smith, MD\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa383\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs28\fsmilli14400 \cf4 Offering the latest in Non-Surgical Neck and Back Care. MD Supervised\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\ulnone Neck Treatment \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs26 \cf4 Pricing and frequency of treatments depends on the patient's insurance and the complexity of the case. Each treatment is between 16 and 22 minutes in duration. 
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Back Treatment \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs26 \cf4 Pricing and frequency of treatments depends on the patient's insurance and the complexity of the case. Each treatment is between 16 and 22 minutes in duration. 
\fs33\fsmilli16600 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 Ice Therapy Post Treatment \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs26 \cf4 Patients experience 15 minutes of ice therapy post treatment.}